Title: Invisible Monsters

----

Published: 2021-11-03

----

Category: Stuff to Share

----

Tags: book, Quote

----

Format: standard

----

Cover: 

----

Old: During my vacation, I've read my favorite book again, and I loved every minute of it. It still fascinates me even after my fourth read or so. And this time I got very emotional at the end. So I thought I share some snippets from the book, snippets that got to me or mean a lot to me.

> Another thing is no matter how much you think you love somebody, you'll step back when the pool of their blood edges up too close.

> But hysteria is impossible without an audience. Panicking by yourself is the same as laughing alone in an empty room. You feel really silly.

> And I hate how I don’t feel real enough unless people are watching

> And if you believe that we really have free will, then you know that God can't really control us. And since God can't control us, all God does is watch and change the channels when He gets bored. Somewhere in heaven, you're live on a video Web site for God to surf.

> The only reason why we ask other people how their weekend was is so we can tell them about our own weekend.

> When did the future switch from being a promise to being a threat.

> Game shows are designed to make us feel better about the random, useless facts that are all we have left of our education.

> Only when we eat up this planet will God give us another. We'll be remembered more for what we destroy than what we create.

> We are all self-composting.

> When we don't know who to hate, we hate ourselves.

> You have to keep recycling yourself.

> Nothing of me is original. I am the combined effort of everybody I've ever known.

> The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person.

> The most boring thing in the entire world, is nudity. The second most boring thing, is honesty. Think of this as a tease. It's lingerie for your face. A peekaboo nightgown you wear over your whole identity.

> Almost all the time, you tell yourself you’re loving somebody when you’re just using them. This only looks like love.

> First your parents, they give you your life, but then they try to give you their life.

> Us in the speech therapist office, Brandy says, "It helps to know you're not any more responsible for how you look than a car is, Brandy says. "You're a product just as much. A product of a product of a product. The people who design cars, they're products. Your parents are products. Their parents were products. Your teachers, products. The minister in your church, another product," Brandy says. Sometimes your best way to deal with shit, she says, is to not hold yourself as such a precious little prize. "My point being, " Brandy says, "is you can't escape the world, and you're not responsible for how you look, if you look beauticious or butt ugly. You're not responsible for how you feel or what you say or how you act or anything you do. It's all out of your hands," Brandy says. The same way a compact disk isn't responsible for what's recorded on it, that's how we are. You're about as free to act as a programmed computer. You're about as one-of-a-kind as a dollar bill. "There isn't any real you in you," she says. "Even your physical body, all your cells will be replaced within eight years." Skin, bones, blood, and organs transplant from person to person. Even what's inside you already, the colonies of microbes and bugs that eat your food for you, without them you'd die. Nothing of you is all-the-way yours. All of you is inherited.

> "Relax,' Brandy says, "Whatever you're thinking, a million other folks are thinking. Whatever you do, they're doing, and none of you is responsible. All of you is a cooperative effort."

> The best way is not to fight it, just go. Don't be trying all the time to fix things. What you run from only stays with you longer. When you fight something, you only make it stronger.

> She says, "Don't do what you want." She says, "Do what you don't want. Do what you're trained not to want." It's the opposite of following your bliss. Brandy tells me, "Do the things that scare you the most.

> Your birth is a mistake you'll spend your whole life trying to correct.

> You spend your entire life becoming God and then you die.

> When you don't share your problems, you resent hearing the problems of other people.

> All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring.

> That's what I love about fire, how it would kill me as quick as anybody else. How it can't know I'm its mother. It's so beautiful and powerful and beyond feeling anything for anybody, that's what I love about fire.

And I'd like to end it with this one.

> Thank You For NOT Sharing
